---
layout: post
title: first post
---

In the space of two months between 2019 and 2018, I:

- Ended a seven year relationship with a woman I once thought would one day be my wife
- Fell into a staircase so hard that I gave my knee nerve damage
- Lost my car door ("and almost my life!", a small, dramatic part of me screams) to a shuttle bus that was zooming down my quiet street
- Emotionally divested myself from a handful of lifelong friends
- Felt the sting of unrequited love, confessed it, and then felt the kindness of gentle rejection (which is just so much worse than the sting of a hard rejection! but probably more recoverable from when the person in question is your friend. Yeah, I fucked up there. Thoughts eventually.)

My life blew up. I spent a great deal of the ensuing time driving around stoned trying to figure out what I was supposed to be able to learn from it. I'm going to attempt to go into that with this blog. Some thoughts, each of which I am hoping to eventually expand upon (I'll make them links when I do):

- Unrequited love is real, painful, and selfish. Enduring, real Love is mutual in a way that unrequited love never will be.
- Your sense of self must come from within. Attaching a sense of self to anything else is a ruinous proposition.
- An authentic sense of self, one which comes from within, is resilient. It will persist even when you face great upheaval.
- Upheaval is generally good, or at least worthwhile. New experiences force you to develop new understanding, hone existing beliefs, and grok concepts you previously hadn't been able to grok.
- Authentic relationships are bigger and more complex than can be singularly understood by any of the relationship's component members. Your grasp of a relationship is limited and informed by your life experience.
- Physical, emotional, and mental wellbeing are inextricably linked. None of them can flourish while any of them languish.
- If someone hits your door off, it's probably gonna end up looking like your fault.
- Don't use "length of time known" as a means of judging how you feel about a person. The past only exists in our memories, what matters is current and future behavior, and if you want it in your life. You get to make that decision.

always looking for feedback, DMs are open on twitter dot com