---
layout: post
title: tether
category: writing
tags: [writing, stories]
---

*Breathe in. Hold it. Breathe out.*

Suit pressure is good. Mobility seems good. Visor is cracked, but superficially, just that outer layer of reflection flaking off.

*What happened?*

I'm spinning rapidly through space, a sensation I can establish only by a lurching in my stomach and the vaguely sickening recurring motion of the Earth - evenly illuminated - tracing a haphazard spiral across my vision. I'm surrounded by debris. The ship is nowhere to be seen, but I was Earth-side before the -



The tether snapped, No, snapped isn't right -- there was no tension. The tether was severed. What are the odds? A micrometeorite? Out at L1? Going that fast? And it hit my *tether*?

*Irrelevant.*

"Right. Auto-stabilize."

Jets of gas emit from a handful of vents along my back and the bottom of the suit. The sequence is complex and jarring, but within seconds I am stable, the Earth centered in my vision. Back in control, I slowly turn around to look toward the ship.

*There's nothing there.*

Shit. How'd I get so far away?

*Look at the debris.*

"Oh, fuck."

I pause for a moment, taking in the scene. Glittering scraps of reflective insulation, fragments of the massive solar arrays, chunks of metal, chunks of ...
Didn't need to think about that one. The largest death toll off-planet.

"What happened?"

Footage is projected onto the inside of my visor. There are feeds from each camera - the rear camera picks up the incident, so it grows to fill the screen as I focus my attention on it.

"There's the ship."

The footage continues. The slow uncoiling of my tether as I made my way out toward the telescope, soft clouds of gas occasionally jetting out past the camera. Routine.

Then, in an instant, the ship disappears, replaced with a glittering cloud of debris that begins expanding outward.

I back the footage up and go frame-by-frame. *There.* Two frames before the ship disintegrates, a bright star appears in the distance. One frame before disintegration, the star is radiant, brighter than any other star in the camera's field of view. 

*An interstellar object.*

A massive one, considering that it had blinked through a kilometer-long lead-hardened ship with thirty people on it like a javelin lobbed through a soap bubble.

"Now what?"

Rescue was impossible - this ship had been built out here to launch, and the soonest they could get a new boat up - even the bare minimum for a lifesaving mission - would be a week out. The suit had onboard air for, what, twelve hours? There was no chance.

Out past the edge of the Earth-Luna system, staring back at the two heavenly bodies, flatly illuminated by the sun to my rear, I'm going to die.
